.TH JSS 1 "March 18, 2013" "JSS User Guide"
.SH NAME
.PP
jss - Java symbolic simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
jss [\f[I]OPTIONS\f[]] [\f[I]CLASS NAME\f[]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Java Symbolic Simulator, jss, interprets a Java class file but
treats certain designated program variables as arbitrary, symbolic
expressions rather than concrete values.
Therefore, the resulting values of certain program variables may be
described as symbolic expressions in terms of the initial values of
symbolic input values.
.PP
The symbolic expressions representing the values of particular program
variables can be stored in the form of And-Inverter Graphs (AIGs) for
further processing by external tools.
.PP
Example usage:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
jss\ -c\ .\ -j\ /usr/java/jdk1.6.jar:/path/to/galois.jar\ Main
\f[]
.fi
.PP
will simulate the function \f[C]main()\f[] from the class file
\f[C]Main.class\f[] in the current directory, and expect to find
additonal support classes in the supplied jar files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -b, --blast
Always bitblast symbolic condition terms at branches.
This may force symbolic termination, but can incur a simulator
performance cost.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -c \f[I]PATH\f[], --classpath=\f[I]PATH\f[]
A colon-delimited list of directories to search for class files.
Use semicolon delimiters on Windows.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -d \f[I]INT\f[], --dbug[=\f[I]INT\f[]]
Specify the verbosity level for debugging messages.
Valid values are in the range 0-5.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -j \f[I]JARS\f[], --jars=\f[I]JARS\f[]
A colon-delimited list of jar files to search for class files.
The jdk1.6 jar be explicitly given using this option.
Use semicolon delimiters on Windows.
.RS
.PP
NB: jss expects to find the file \f[C]galois.jar\f[] in the same
directory as the jss executable itself.
If this is not the case on your system, you may use this option to
specify an alternate location for the file.
.RE
.TP
.B -o \f[I]ARGS\f[], --opts=\f[I]ARGS\f[]
Specify the space-delimited list of arguments to pass to the main()
method.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -V, --version
Print out the version of the simulator.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -?, --help
Print a help message.
.RS
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[C]cryptol\f[] (1).
.PP
\f[C]lss\f[] (1).
.PP
\f[C]sawscript\f[] (1).
.SH AUTHORS
Galois, Inc.
